# Middle School
When we got into middle school we were becoming more aware of the girls around us, but we didn't really know how to react. After all we were just stupid boys who played video games. I remember mark's first "girlfriend", Arlene Imbert. Now when I say girlfriend I don't mean that they were dating , I mean that they were teased about being boyfriend and girlfriend by the kids in our grade even though they had only kissed. However, that was a HUGE deal in 7th grade. 

Now as you can imagine, since like 4th grade we didnt eat the best and we were mostly playing video games inside drinking soda. I was a pretty heavy kid. This was something that I got teased about, quite a bit. However there was not much that I could about that at this point in time. I just instead joined chorus having to take an elective and got placed into the baritone section. I remember actually sitting in the class and having the teacher solo me out to try and hit a high note and mocking the girl that cheered me on. 

As part of 7 and 8th grade I also met one of my favorite teachers, Alen Vartan. He exposed me to chess which i wasn't a huge fan of at the time because i never applied myself to it, but also he was the wrestling coach which i only did about 5 lessons. He actually made learning fun. He wanted the best for his students and wanted us to progress, even when most kids in our class were focused on girls he stuck up for me when could solve problems in my head, he didn't ask me to show my work to slow me down, instead he gave me more challenging problems,pushing me further. I think this time came from him serving in the Marines. 

When I started those wrestling classes the main reason i quit was not because I was out of shape, though it didnt help. but instead it was because they made us wear those leotards... I mean come on.

As part of the chorus duties we also needed to volunteer to sell candy bars after school to help us raise money for some of the trips and competitions that the program wasn't funded for. I remember standing out by the buses at 3pm for about 30 minutes pretty much every day, sometimes buying candy and other times selling it to people. 

Sam Lynn which I cant seem to find was one of my friends I meet during these years that changed my path. He was a kid i used to ride home on the bus with and listen to rock/emo music on his mp3 player which only held probably 2 cds worth. But he introduced me to Rammstien and took me the first warp tour I ever went to, and ofc I had to wear the black eye liner with him.  